add more opaque/skip ports docs, and a protocol table (#1057)
linkerd/website: linkerd.io/content/2.10/tasks/adding-your-service.md

MYCONTAINER linkerd-proxy
```

## A note on startup race conditions

While the proxy starts very quickly, Kubernetes doesn't provide any guarantees
about container startup ordering, so the application container may start before
the proxy is ready. This means that any connections made immediately at app
startup time may fail until the proxy is active.

In many cases, this can be ignored: the application will ideally retry the
connection, or Kubernetes will restart the container after it fails, and

> eventually the proxy will be ready. Alternatively, you can use
> [linkerd-await](https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd-await) to delay the

Reviewer: So in order to use `linkerd-await` users will need to upgrade to a recent edge. On the recent edges, this feature is enabled by default so they don't actually need to do anything after upgrading. It may be worth wording it in this way:
```suggestion
eventually the proxy will be ready. Alternatively, you can upgrade to a recent
edge that has the [linkerd-await](https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd-await)
feature enabled by default—used to delay the application container until the
proxy is ready. Or, ...
```

Author: Not sure I understand. We've been using linkerd-await for years. What is different about recent edge releases?

Reviewer: @wmorgan Yep this is good as is. I read this thinking you were referencing the `config.linkerd.io/proxy-await` annotation that was recently added to edges (linkerd/linkerd2#5967), but that will not be part of 2.10. So, this is good as is.

Author: Gotcha. Yeah I am very excited for that annotation.
